docs: reformat the documentation (#396)
ansys/ansys-sphinx-theme: doc/source/examples/sphinx-design.rst

=============

> The rendering of sphinx design with ansys sphinx theme.
> To access the full documentation for the sphinx design package,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how the Ansys Sphinx Theme renders documentation components
using the ``sphinx-design`` extension. For more information, see the
```

> please refer `sphinx design <sphinx_design_docs_>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`documentation <sphinx_design_docs_>`_.
```
